Add CONTRIBUTING (#469)
geminabox/geminabox: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to geminabox

## Bug reports

- Check if a bug you run into is already filed in https://github.com/geminabox/geminabox/issues.
   - Please add your comments to the issue if you find.

> - Check if a bug you run into is already fixed in the latest releaase.

Author: ```suggestion
- Check if a bug you run into is already fixed in [the latest release](https://github.com/geminabox/geminabox/releases) or [the gem available at RubyGems.org](https://rubygems.org/gems/geminabox).
```
